---
name: Po
slug: po
source: https://wiki.bloodontheclocktower.com/Po
type: Demon
game: Bad Moon Rising
tagLine: >-
  Each night*, you may choose a player: they die. If your last choice
  was no-one, choose 3 players tonight.
nightOrder:
  other:
    order: 28
    description: >-
      If the Po chose no-one the previous night: The Po points to three
      players. Otherwise: The Po either shows the 'no' head signal , or
      points to a player. Chosen players die
---

The Po can choose to attack nobody at night, but goes on a rampage the
following night.

- The Po attacks one player per night, like many other Demons. However,
  if the Po chooses to attack nobody, then they may attack three players
  the following night.
- If the Po was drunk or poisoned when they chose nobody last night,
  they still choose three players tonight.
- A Po must choose three players when prompted to do so. They cannot
  choose no one again.
- The Po only gets three attacks if they chose nobody. The Po does not
  get three attacks if they chose to attack someone the previous night,
  but that player did not die.
- The Po doesn’t act on the first night, but this night does not count
  as a night where the Po “chose no one.”
- If the Exorcist selects the Po, the Po does not act, but this night
  does not count as a night where the Po “chose no one.” However, if the
  Po chose no one the night before the Exorcist chose the Po, the Po
  chooses three players the night after the Exorcist chose the Po,
  because their last choice was no one.

## How To Run

Each night except the first, wake the Po. They either shake their head
no or point at any player. Put the Po to sleep. If they shook their head
no, mark the Po with the **3 ATTACKS** reminder. If they chose a player,
that player **dies**—mark them with a **DEAD** reminder.

If the Po wakes to act while marked **3 ATTACKS**, they point at any
three players, one at a time. In the order chosen, each chosen player
**dies**—mark them with **DEAD** reminders. Remove the **3 ATTACKS**
reminder.
