---
name: Bounty Hunter
slug: bounty-hunter
source: https://wiki.bloodontheclocktower.com/Bounty_Hunter
type: Townsfolk
tagLine:
  You start knowing 1 evil player. If the player you know dies, you
  learn another evil player tonight. [1 Townsfolk is evil]
nightOrder:
  firstNight:
    order: 46
    description:
      Point to 1 evil player. Wake the townsfolk who is evil and show
      them the 'You are' card and the thumbs down evil sign.
  otherNights:
    order: 64
    description:
      If the known evil player has died, point to another evil player.
---

The Bounty Hunter learns all the evil players. One. Player. At. A. Time.

## How To Run

At the start of the first night, wake any player with a Townsfolk
character and show them the “You are” card and the thumbs down hand
signal to let them know they are evil. Rotate their token 180 degrees in
the grimoire, mark them with an evil reminder in clocktower.online or
turn their token red in the official app to remind you they are evil.
They do not learn anything else other than their new alignment, they do
not know who the Minions or Demon are and they continue to register as a
Townsfolk to abilities; it’s just their alignment that has changed.

When the Bounty Hunter wakes, point to an evil player. This can be a
Minion, Demon, Traveller or the evil Townsfolk, anyone that is evil or
registering as evil. If that player dies, regardless of whether they die
at night or during the day, regardless of whether they’re evil or not,
wake the Bounty Hunter that night and show them a new evil player.

Note that the Bounty Hunter is quite late in the night order on the
first night. This is the time to wake them to show them the player they
are learning is evil. The player that started evil, however, should be
told immediately on the first night that they are evil and you as
Storyteller should also bear this in mind when doing other first night
information – that player is already evil even though the Bounty Hunter
has not woken yet.

If the Bounty Hunter is drunk or poisoned or in a Vortox game at any
point when they would learn information, you may (must if Vortox) give
them incorrect information and show a good player. If they later sober
up, they do not learn any new information, even though they still think
that a good player is evil. When the player they saw dies, they learn a
new player that night.

If the “known” evil player turns good later, this doesn’t affect the
Bounty Hunter, that player still needs to die in order for the Bounty
Hunter to get further information.

It's worth noting that, if you feel the Bounty Hunter has already gained
a lot of information, it's possible to give a dead evil player or one
they've already received. In the former case, if they're dead they
cannot die again, so the Bounty Hunter will not get new information
unless that player is resurrected and killed again.

For Travellers, both travelling away and being exiled result in their
death – so if a Bounty Hunter has seen a Traveller, either situation
would result in the Bounty Hunter getting more information that night.

NB: Due to the Bounty Hunter adding an extra evil player, extreme
caution should be taken when adding it to a script with any other
potential alignment changers – as soon as more than one player can be
turned evil it’s very easy to get an evil voting majority and not even
the evil players particularly enjoy that. The script with Goon,
Mezepheles, Fang Gu, Politician and Cult Leader has been made before and
it isn’t fun...
